Are you my daughter who was conceived in October?
Why are you seducing my man?
Why Han Yun
Han Yun, don't be impulsive
Uh-huh.
It was my fault.
I have been very obedient since I was a child
But I really, really like Jiangyin
You kill me
Leave him alone
I won't be in trouble if you go
Han Yu, please kill us both
But before I die, I have one request
I want to be buried with Xiaoya
Why are you two miserable mandarin ducks?
I'm the villain.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why should I go through this?
Ahhh
Ah!
I lie to myself
like
I really don't want to know about this.
Just pretend he didn't exist
Mom
Mom, one of you is my man
One is my daughter.
Turns out I'm the dumbest woman in the world
Some love and pain
I wish you happiness
How much I look forward to being with you
mother